Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai, you're
watching the China show. I'm Ivon Man
with David and Glass.
>> Good morning. Let's get your top stories
today. The yen edging higher with
Japan's ruling coalition set to lose its
upper majority. Uh in the upper house
here, Prime Minister Shigaru Ishiba
saying he will stay on despite the
historic setback.
>> Yeah, Chinese banks are set to hold
their prime lending rates today as
investors focus on trade talks and
upcoming earnings. Singapore stocks,
meanwhile, on their longest winning
streak in 19 years.
>> And China's vice finance minister says
domestic consumption is driving growth
as he defends Beijing's economic
policies against Western claims of
overcapacity.
[Music]
All right, we start with some breaking
news here this hour and it is the LPR in
China. So unchanged for both the
one-year as well as the 5year as
expected. So 3% for the one year that
holds three and a half% for that loan
prime rate for the 5-year as well. Unex,
you know, really not surprising just
given the fact that what we've been
seeing, they basically have held and
stood pat since that cut back in May as
well. And given, you know, the really
concern around banks, right, and the
narrow net interest margins, there
really isn't that strong incentive to
really continue to cut further here as
well. And the data has been looking
pretty okay of late, too, Dave.
>> Yeah, I mean, the the first half data
north of 5%. We've had economists of
course advise higher their forecast
there. So, um the about 5% growth target
seems to be something that is achievable
given the current telemetry uh of
things. The other thing we want to talk
about right now as we go into the
markets uh open for today is well a
couple of things right so uh Japan is
shut number one big news out of Japan so
we're looking at some of the proxies
elsewhere although you do have futures
up and running there as well let's have
a look at how we're doing across Asia
Pacific you have US futures you have
Singapore actually coming online right
now we can get it up thank you so much
and we are in fact opening up again
after 10 days of gain so we're now
looking at the longest
win streak in 19 years uh in Singapore.
Straight times index, there we go. A 10
to 1% 210 of 1% to the upside right now.
Right, Japan. Uh we'll unpack the story
for you later on. The question is really
will what's been happening domestically
affect what they're able to do
uh internationally when it comes to the
trade policies and trade negotiations
there. Uh we're looking at Nicay futures
mix slightly to the downside. Yen
strength of course coming through a gap
higher on dollar yen gap lower rather on
dollar yen earlier on we've since
retraced most of our steps but we're
still trading on the stronger side of
the cutoff uh this Monday morning uh
brief look at the currency markets
nothing much to tell you about right now
there's a lot on deck though this week
central bank decisions coming through
RBI I believe is also coming out as well
we are on the stronger side of the
recent range as it pertains to the Hong
Kong dollars we'll talk about highore in
a moment maybe less need or less
expectations ations of a further melt up
there as far as highore is concerned and
very quickly one pocket of the market
we're tracking closely today is
commodities metal specifically in China
and as you can see iron or dalian yen is
now trading at 800 and we've seen a lot
of these contracts rally recently maybe
it's because of the growth figures we'll
see
>> yeah that certainly may be helping the
demand picture out there out of China as
well let's get to our top story this
morning Japan's Japan's prime minister
Shigaru Ishaba says he will stay in
office despite NHK K reporting that his
ruling coalition lost its upper house
majority in Sunday's election. Now this
marks the first time since 1955
the Liberal Democratic Party will govern
without control of both chambers. Let's
bring in our news desk editor Jill Dao.
She's with us uh to talk about this
historic sort of shift that we're seeing
uh coming out through here. But I
remember it was like the last three
prime ministers who lost the majority
has basically stepped down within a few
months. He still wants to stay on, can
he?
>> Yes. Well, uh, Yvon, I think it's
obviously going to be incredibly
difficult for Ishiba. Um, a couple of
things sort of working, I guess, in his
favor, although again, it's very
difficult to even really use that term
when obviously this is a pretty
tremendous setback, particularly
following the his loss um in the lower
house last year. Um, but essentially
what we've got is of, you know, the
opposition parties have managed to
obviously taken some votes. Um a lot of
them were campaigning on uh you know a
lot of domestic issues including um
wanting sales tax cuts and such. Um but
there's not really a big broad coalition
to I guess ultimately supplant Ishba.
The other thing too is that um one
reason why he may be pretty uh you know
strongly trying to hang on for now is
because we've got this US trade deal uh
negotiation that is still continues on.
I mean if Ishiba were to step down you'd
have to imagine that there would still
be a leadership uh election. um you know
that kind of puts Japan in a fairly weak
position. So I do think that's one
consideration here. But yes, I think
Yvon as you mentioned um you know in a
situation like this it's kind of hard to
see um you know the the prime minister
holding on for more than a few months if
that
>> this is I mean to the point you're
making this adversely affect materially
the outlook or the yeah the outlook for
any potential trade deal with the US
though. I mean, I think that at this
point, David, the um negotiations
between the US and Japan have not been
going particularly well as it is.
There's still a lot of sticking points
over the auto sector in particular. I
mean, you know, we know that the the uh
Japan has sent their trade negotiator to
the US many many times trying to get
something over the line. Uh, you know,
we've also just heard uh from a lot of
other nations, other economies that are
trying to do business uh trying to
negotiate with the the US right now that
Trump seems to have kind of hardened his
stance um about new trade deals ahead of
this August 1 deadline. So, I'm not
really sure uh you know what we were um
you know going to really have from Japan
in the works. Um, but you do have to
imagine that if uh Japan loses its
current prime minister, the one that's
been, you know, really overseeing a lot
of these negotiations over really about,
you know, roughly the the past several
months, I mean, you know, certainly
since the start of the year, certainly
since Trump, uh, was elected, um, I
mean, if you lose that figure, uh, and
then you have sort of a power vacuum or
some kind of a, you know, debate over
who's actually going to step in, that
leaves Japan in a pretty weak position
as it is. Um but again I think that when
you do have this kind of a loss at home
if you're Ishba um you know there's got
to be some kind of a consideration as to
how exactly um you continue to govern.
Is it you try to focus on certain issues
and get things over the line sort of
piece by piece at home while trying to
negotiate these bills abroad. Obviously
really tough situation for Isha to be
in.
>> Yeah, there we go. Plus of course
inflation's rising as well which doesn't
tend to favor of course incumbents.
Jill, thank you so much. Jill D is our
news desk editor. I talked about
inflation. Tokyo CPI is on deck this
week uh in Japan. Alongside that, you
have a 40-year bond auction in a couple
of days as well. Stronger yen as we make
our way into the fresh trading week. Uh
Mark Crantfield is with us out of
Singapore to talk us through all these
key themes. Mark, the yen is on the
stronger side. Uh if you compare it to
Friday, every with everything that's on
deck this week, is the path of least
resistance stronger for the Japanese
currency?
>> Not much chance of that. I mean 0.2% 2%
after the election. You would think it
was priced in, but I mean there is just
s just a host of things which the
Japanese yen has up against it. So let's
start with negative yields. Negative
yields are a very big problem for Japan
and the Bank of Japan is in no position
to tighten policy. When they have their
meeting this month, it's pretty clear
that nobody's expecting them to change
rates. And the trouble is when Governor
Oea speaks, he probably can't even
afford to sound hawkish. He's got a
political mess at home as he just been
talking about the Jill was just talking
about the problems from the election,
the fallout from the weekend. They don't
have a trade deal with the United States
and it looks as though that will go to
the wire which is means that it will
probably the risk of it is still running
by the time the Bank of Japan meet at
the end of next week. And on top of all
of that, you've got the the fact that
the yen is beginning to be used again as
a currency to short against other major
currencies. There's just too many
factors falling into place against the
Japanese currency. It probably not if if
it wasn't a Tokyo holiday today, dollar
yen would probably be a lot higher
already. just the fact that we've taken
a big chunk of liquidity out of the
market and people are probably a little
bit wary about pushing positions one way
or the other and we don't have a
Japanese bond market either for them to
look at or the equity market. So if you
put all that in place, it's surprising
that the the yen even managed to rally
0.2%. It probably won't last very long.
>> Yeah. Well, we'll see how that whole
bond auction plays out this week as
well. Um, and then there's the rest of
these markets, Mark, and and I look at
stocks and it's like everything's fine,
right? We're still talking about records
in the US. We just talked about
Singapore and the longest winning streak
in 19 years. You could say that for many
other markets here in Asia as well.
>> Is does any of this look too too good to
be true right now?
>> Yeah, I mean, some people are talking
about the fact that you some indicators
like RSI on the the Singapore index is
running at something like 88, which may
be the highest it's ever recorded. It's
certainly a very high extreme number. By
now, you would have thought people might
have been starting to dial back. But
significant if you look at equity
markets in general, it's the rebound
since the beginning of April which is
driving so much of the sentiment. It is
not just Singapore. If you look at the
way that the Korean index, Hong Kong,
S&P 500 itself, all of these major
indices, the the extent of the rebound
since the first week of April when we
had the liberation day slide is really
quite dramatic and it's across the board
and there's no signs of it flagging in
the other bigger markets. So look at the
the Straits Times index itself, it's up
about 23% since April, but the Cosby is
up 40%, S&P is up 30%, Hong Kong's up
more than 30% as well. So S&P the STI is
actually lagging a lot of its peers even
though it looks as though it's having an
extraordinary run. It is by its own
conditions but compared to other markets
it doesn't look as though it's gone that
far really. So it just shows you it is
something which is feeding on itself
across the world and until that momentum
particularly United States until that
slows down everybody else looks like
there's relative value. So even the
Straits Times after two decades worth of
extraordinary performance, even that
doesn't look as though it's got too
crazy.
>> Mark, uh, we're flashing on the screen
some of the major items on this week's
agenda that's going to come up for our
viewers again in a moment here. Mark,
what's top of mind for you apart from
everything that we've talked about
already?
>> The one that you don't have on the
screen, the the 40-year Japanese bond
auction. I mean that if we we we've
we've had so much talk about
>> you walked into that door. How do we
miss that one?
>> There's there's there's there's so been
so much talk about risks to the long end
of global bond markets and we have a
40-year JGB auction amid all of this
uncertainty that's going on in Japan. If
there's going to be a tail risk for for
global for G10 bond markets especially,
it's something going wrong with that
40-year auction. The yields have risen
quite a lot. And you might say that that
discount's already a lot of bad news and
maybe that's when long-term investors
can come back in. I'm not so I'm not
quite so sure because if you look at the
the discrepancy since a lot of these um
40-year bonds which are trading off the
run now are trading 150 or 160 basis
points away from where they're on the
run. That's a very unusual discrepancy
and it means that people don't have an
incentive to go into the new bond
because the cash losses on the old ones
will be just too high. So natural demand
for this week's 40s is not going to be
that good. And unless we get some very
reassuring messages coming out from the
Japanese authorities, there's a chance
that this will just spur another sell
off in global long bond yield. So watch
out for that 40-year auction. And maybe
you should put it on your little screen
that you had just then.
>> Oh well, Mark, you know what? That's
going to come up on our little screen.
Let's give it 15 minutes until we
correct that. Correct that. Mark, thank
you so much. Mark Cranfield and that's
Wednesday of course comes out at 40ear
fun auction in Singapore for us right
coming up here on the China show
speaking of fixed income that's
something we'll talk about certainly and
maybe the graphic will be ready by then
when JP Morgan asset management Jason
Pong joins us at about in at about this
time in the next hour to talk us through
all things fixed income in light of
course of where you are with the
trajectory of inflation and of course
new tariff fields katino trade in
Shanghai in Shenzhen and here in Hong
Kong this is the China show,
[Music]
>> right? So, we're just coming off some
extreme weather on the weekend here in
Hong Kong. Still remnants, more than it
at least when you look at what's taking
place outside, although the typhoon
signals, I believe, have gone away. We
have a rainstorm warning still, though.
>> Yeah. All lowered this morning, but
certainly the cleanup efforts are
underway. There's certainly a lot of
debris when I was on my way to work here
this morning. But yeah, how quickly
things change, right? I woke up that
yesterday morning it was a T9. I think
within minutes T10
>> and it definitely felt like one for
Typhoon Whippa,
>> which almost kind of sounded like what
happened there. Whippa.
>> It It almost sounded like that. Yeah.
Quite quick and rapid and was the first
in a long time that almost a direct hit
>> on Hong Kong. So, we did have the
highest typhoon signal warning here uh
over the city and hopefully of course
the backlog of flights have been mostly
if not hopefully all
>> the cafe is resuming flights already.
There we go. We've do have some
colleagues of course got stuck as well.
Anyway, anyway, um other things on the
agenda today apart from the cleanup
efforts here in Hong Kong. CPI is coming
out of Hong Kong. Um Hibbore, we talked
about this has been on the upside of
late, but we're trading on the stronger
side now on the recent range of dollar
honk. So that should alleviate some of
the upward pressure there. I also want
to watch silently the CSI300 is now the
highest level since November of last
year and that's being accompanied by
turnover that's picked up as well one
and a half trillion on Friday of
turnover on shore.
>> Okay, maybe a bit more momentum on that
side of things here as well. But let's
get to one of our big Bloomberg scoops
here. A senior Chinese official says
that China's trade with the world is
within reasonable bounds and the nation
is not out of the to dominate global
markets. Let's bring in our China
correspond low. Give us some context of
this story, this interview. What was
said and and what do we hear?
>> Yeah. So, this was said by Vice Finance
Minister Leo Min who is actually a me a
key member of the negotiating team who
met with Scott Besson and Howard Lnik in
London and Geneva. And he's saying that
Chinese production is targeted at mainly
meeting the domestic demand. Yes, of
course, if there is demand for Chinese
exports, the exporters are going to sell
them overseas. But the goal is not to
dominate every single market overseas.
And he's really trying to counter uh the
accusation by Scott Besson that China is
one of the most imbalanced economies in
the world. And he said the Chinese
government has been doing its best to
transition the economy into a
consumption-led one. And it's made some
progress. If you look at the statistics,
the last four years, he said
consumption's share of GDP growth was
56%
which is 8 percentage points higher than
the previous four years. and he says the
government will continue to strengthen
the social safety nets to create more
jobs, strengthen the pension system,
increase salaries to boost uh spending
over the long run. Um and I guess he's
really trying to set the the the
atmosphere right or to correct the
perception of how people view the
Chinese economy.
>> Yeah, you know, there are two things,
right? One is the there is certainly a
dome a cyclical weak spot right now that
might be complicating how they're
looking at you know whether or not there
is enough domestic demand capacity to
you know take up all the supply but how
much room really is there
>> to expand the domestic market.
>> Yeah. So if you look at the numbers last
year industrial profits was averaging
around 15% or so for the full year and
you look at the tariffs they're
averaging about 40%. So clearly the
tariffs are much higher than the profit
margins and our Bloomberg economics team
has said that they studied 33 sectors
only five sectors they said will be able
to absorb the impact of tariffs. So
they're going to face either
bankruptcies at worst or at best lower
profit margins. And for these companies
that are seeking to look at new markets
whether overseas or domestically it's
really intense right the competition
especially if you look at the food
delivery platforms um the government
just summoned some of the heads of these
companies like JD.com Mtoan to call them
to really regulate their promotions
because we're looking at billions of yen
being spent on subsidies for merchants
and for consumers. Alibaba coming out
with these super Saturday promotions.
You can now go to your app and order a
drink for practically almost zero
delivery fee. And that's the sort of
competition that the government want to
reign in calling on these companies to
create the conditions that are
beneficial for consumers and merchants,
but also for the delivery companies in
the long run. The EV sector also facing
a lot of scrutiny. The government also
meeting with at least 17 representatives
of the EV sectors calling them to re in
the competition. And you can see that
the share of the lossmaking industrial
firms in China has been reaching very
high levels close to the levels that we
saw in the 2000s.
>> Yeah, the key question is how how do you
stop these price wars? Mimman, thank
you. Our China correspondent there Mim
Low on the latest. And in other news out
of the mainland now, we're watching
President Trump and Xi Jinping
reportedly expected to meet at or before
the apex summit beginning at the end of
October in South Korea. Now, this was
coming from the South China Morning
Post. It's citing sources saying Trump
could make a stop in China on his way or
they could meet on the summit sidelines.
Sources have told Bloomberg that Trump
has been dialing down his
confrontational tone with China in hopes
of securing a summit. China is
tightening controls on critical mineral
exports, pledging zero tolerance for
smuggling and illegal shipments. State
broadcaster CCTV says Beijing's export
control office flagged recent cases
involving false declarations and trans
shipments through third countries. China
is enforcing stricter licensing for all
rare earth shipments amid ongoing trade
tensions with the US. Right. Uh just
under 9 minutes of the opening bell
here. We're looking at again gains and
25,000 is now very much within striking
distance. We're now just nine points
below that uh nice whole round number.
misty, foggy for just coming off of
course a T10
typhoon here in Hong Kong. And looking
at the early movers right now, some of
the companies that were summoned are
some of the companies that are leading
these gains right now. There we go on
your screens. PYD, Alibaba separately,
Alibaba, Mateto, and JD.com. As you can
see, substantial gains in the pre-market
going into the open today. A preview, a
fuller preview coming up. This is the
China show.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. The platform
companies seem to be leading the early
gains right now. So, we're looking at
7/10en of 1% on the Hanging Index.
Within that, you have Alibaba, you have
JD.com, and you have Mwtoan all up about
2 to 4% in the early goings here. It it
seems like right now the fact that
regulators are really kind of summoning
these companies and you got to do
something about these intense
competition and these price cuts that it
seems to be lifting some of these stocks
here. The likes of Jeffree saying that
this price guidance may actually aid the
sector overall. So certainly this more
rational sort of competition is
something that people are really focused
on here this morning. So we're focusing
on that. Uh you mentioned about
Singapore, you mentioned about Hong
Kong, some of the levels that are
watching, but yeah, it seems like
there's still reasons to continue on
with this rally here this morning. Yeah,
I mean we're now looking at the Oh, why
are we looking at Singapore? Oh, yeah.
Okay. Anyway, let's talk about
Singapore. Why not? Because it is hot in
Singapore. That's a reference, of
course, to the climate. Uh the market is
also extremely extremely hot right now.
So, we've actually never had a 14-day
RSI above 87. We're now closing in on
90. And yet again, we're looking at
gains still of about 30 points in the
Straits Times index. 25 minutes in the
cash market session. and that takes
gains to day number 11 or day number 18
in the last 20 days. Suffice to say,
Singapore has barely had a losing day in
the last month or so. The other market
that's done very well is Hong Kong. Flip
the boards, please, if we can, or the
charts, and 25,000 is a level that we
are getting extremely close to on the
Hangen Index. And we'll see what the
opening looks like. But yeah, 170 points
in the pre-markets. It puts us within
well within of course that level and at
at at the moment we're now trading at
about a three and a half year high uh on
the benchmark here uh in Hong Kong.
Couple of stocks that we're tracking
here too.
>> Yeah. So we focus on of course uh the
the tech space that's certainly one to
watch uh you know given what we've been
hearing from regulators and the like
here. Also what we're checking out uh is
some of the uh suppliers of unree as
well. Can we get that up here right now
to see what we're looking at? So Baba,
Mtoan, JD, those are the ones that are
actually we mentioned seeing the most
punchier gains here right now. Kingd as
well. So Uni Tree suppliers in focus. So
K the Uni Tree basically uh submitting a
pre-listing tutoring application. We're
watching some of these suppliers. This
is the one in the eight share market.
We're just slightly lower this morning.
You're watching the China show. The open
is next. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. So, we're poised for a
higher open as you can see on your
screens. Uh just before we talk about
the markets though, the cleanup efforts
are underway after some very extreme
weather of course here in Hong Kong over
the weekend in really most parts of
Southeast Asia and then Hong Kong and of
course following the T10 typhoon which
is a good reminder to get really eggs
like in my case uh food shortage at home
but then again you're forced to then
count your calories then but yeah that's
a it's a good problem to have but yeah
it's a reminder for many of us. Yeah,
you know, uh we were stuck at home for
most of Sunday, but certainly a lot of
time for us to kind of look at these
markets and overall it's been pretty
quiet, but then again, we continue to
see, right, equity rallies around the
world. We talked about those milestones
that were hit in in Singapore, longest
winning streak in 19 years. We're
watching what goes on in Hong Kong as
well. Uh onore markets are looking
pretty good. We're still seeing upside
about a third of 1% here this morning.
David has been talking about this whole
kind of commodities rally that we're
seeing like the likes of copper like the
likes of iron ore and Shanghai crude as
well. Look at that iron or dalian. We've
reached above that 800 uh rem level here
right now. So maybe the whole picture of
China and the eco sort of things is
really helping overall the commodity
space here as well. We're seeing CLA
shares also up one and a half%. So tech
seems to be catching a bid here once
again. We'll talk a little bit more
about what's going on in Hong Kong. Uh
but we're watching very closely as well
what goes on in Hong Kong. Uh when it
comes to Yes, it is the of course the
post typhoon
flights are resuming in Hong Kong
overall as well. Cathy Pacific is uh
underway there as well. Some of these
flights flip the boards. We're watching
of course of key levels in the HSI
25,000 uh seems to be within reach now
and that level and really you know we're
inching closer to that three and a half
year high for Hong Kong. A lot of sort
of catalysts, right? You talk about the
IPO market. We have Goldman Seafood
joining us in just a few minutes to tell
us how the pipeline is really bringing
back a lot of uh sentiment and and
really improving things in the city. Uh
we're up about 2/3 of 1% with a hang
here. His tank, there you go. We're
seeing gains early on about more than
1%. What's been really fueling that as
we were just talking about the
regulators summoning some of these food
delivery companies to do something about
these price wars, right? So, you know,
Jeffre came up with an interesting note
saying, you know, this is going to maybe
possibly lead to some sort of rational
competition in the food delivery space
here. That's why you're seeing Mtoan up
close to 4%, Alibaba up close to 2%
right now. Uh, and we're watching Mtoan
and Alibaba and JD as well. Um Jeffre
was saying basically if we start to see
more rational competition and maybe the
cooling down of these coupons and uh you
know zero remn uh purchases uh and
promotions and the like it's really
going to benefit the likes of Alibaba
and Mtoan. JD though they say still
needs to really work on really bringing
out volumes order volumes. So that's the
take from Jeffre there this morning. On
the flip side though you're seeing
Tencent and Xiaomi are heading the
opposite direction. Honky dollar still
on the weaker side now. We're at 78489.
Eight shares are doing pretty well as
well. Um, and so there's a lot of talk
about EVs, for example. Obviously, when
you talk about price wars, that's where
you're seeing uh in the EV sector. So,
the fact that they're tightening these
oversight of EV prices and the like
here, that certainly is lifting some of
these big names as well. NEO is up 1.3%
for example. And we're watching rare
earths as well. Well, there's been a lot
of talk, of course, this is one of the
main sticking points when it comes to or
I guess main topics I should say when it
comes to these trade negotiations. So,
they're vowing for zero tolerance for
the smuggling of these critical minerals
and you are seeing the likes of Shanghai
up close to 3% here today, Dave.
>> Yeah, there we go. So, the market is off
to a good start this week. Um, it's
another week where again we're looking
and waiting for more news as it pertains
to the this red-hot listing market in
Hong Kong. Whether that's IPOs, whether
that's homecoming IPOs from outside,
whether that's the A to8 share of
course, whether that's secondary share
listings. So the folks at HKX have been
extremely busy. As for the bankers, the
beers are on you when it comes to bonus
season, which is still more than a few
months away, but I know you're some of
you are already counting that
forthcoming windfall. Speaking of
windfall, the money flowing into Hong
Kong from mainland China across the
stock connect. So this is a look at
weekly net flows across the southbound
stock connect. So far we've only seen
three negative weeks and three barely
negative weeks so far. So this is
indicative of all this liquidity that's
coming into this market. Whether that's
as a function of the market itself or
all again the listings that are taking
place here in the city. Let's get more
context really on what's taking place
here with Goldman Sachs. China portfolio
strategist Sufu is here with us. They've
put out a report on this resurgence,
recent resurgence in the IPO market and
she's here with us to join join us to
talk us through about this report. Good
morning.
>> Good morning.
>> Yeah. So, what's can it continue?
>> Yeah.
>> The good times. It's excited to see this
year with there's a resurgence of the
IPO activity definitely have boost the
sentiment but more importantly we are
still seeing over 200 companies are in
the pipeline uh that have already
submitted their applications for Hong
Kong IPO. So definitely it's a good
signal that the market sentiment or risk
appetites has been increasing. Of course
the important question people may ask is
whether the sentiment boost effect is
larger or the liquidity impact. So uh
this time we see the positive impact is
dominating mainly because even though we
have the number of IPO increased
dramatically this year but it's a
recovery of a subdued level in 2023 24
even if we look at yearto date the net
issuance level is still less than 1% of
the total market cap less than 1% of
turnover so the liquidity impact is
quite limited and at the same time as
you just mentioned we are seeing global
capitals flowing back to Hong Kong. Uh
especially we see this time the
cornerstone investors have contributed
42% of the capital raised and the
twothirds is initiating from the global
funds including global pension funds
endowments funds because their position
in China was pretty low in the past two
years very light positioning. Some were
even not holding China at this moment.
So Hong Kong IPO give them an
opportunity to consider rebuild their
portfolio especially with the policy
pave last September and also the AI
optimism this early this year. We are
seeing China is back to their radar and
they are considering to come back to
China. So Hong Kong IPO give them a
chance. H
>> how should we gauge what these stocks
are going to do after its IPO? How do
you compare it from last year for
example? When you look at the
performance for the IPO in 2024
25 compared with the previous five years
definitely in recent two years the post
IPO performance is much stronger
especially in the three months horizon
one month or three months horizon in
three months uh over the past two years
the post IPO return is 41% on average
but previously it's around 10% on
average so definitely the performance is
stronger especially we notice if the
company have substantial cornerstone
ownership this is a good signal also the
company with higher growth even though
their valuation could be high they tends
to perform better after IPO so
definitely that's reflect risk appetite
>> what trends have you noticed recently on
in terms of pricing and valuation
>> yeah uh I think a very interesting
phenomenon is we look at ah the list
names their h shares is launched with a
lower discount to a shares sometimes
even a premium. It's a very different
phenomenon compared with previously the
age shares the age shares are traded
with around 60% discount. Now the newly
listed ones is traded with 10 20%
discount. Definitely it's a reflection
of the global interest in these names
especially these names are well owned by
uh foreign investor in the Asia market
already. That means they recognize their
fundamental. They agree they are good
companies if they list in Hong Kong.
Definitely they are also willing to buy
even with a very small amount of
discount.
>> Yeah, I think CL is one one clear
example, right? Where the Asia have
actually led to a premium
>> uh over the A. Um in terms of investment
implications, do I just buy the stocks
that are have been listed? Do I look at
brokerages? What are the best sort of
investment plays around this theme?
>> Yeah. Uh we see a few D directions. One
is clearly Hong Kong exchange and the
brokers benefit from the active uh
market activity and the other thing is
the topical sectors which outperform the
market this year like new consumption,
healthcare, technology. These are the
areas people are still hold about the
fundamental uh but like new consumption
there are limited number of stocks
listed now. Uh it's getting crowded. So
people are looking forward to see more
names in the similar area. So definitely
new IPOs will attract more demand and
also the delist names I think they will
continue being a focus.
>> Is it too much of a good thing? Is you
know the more that companies list here
the more liquidity that's needed the
more attention it takes away from the
market on the other side of the border.
>> Mhm. uh actually we haven't seen
negative spillover effect to Asia
especially historically we see the two
markets tends to be positively
correlated in terms of performance and
sentiment and also this time as I
mentioned the global funds is the key
liquidity provider because their
allocation in China is low in both
onshore and offshore market they
definitely have abandoned capital to
reallocate considering the weaker dollar
trend and also uh some concerns about
the sustainability tail of US fiscal. So
um we are expecting uh abandoned
liquidity can be provided to both market
if the sentiment is recovered if
people's view about macro is recovered.
So liquidity is not a big problem uh but
more about whether people are turning
more positive on fundamentals.
>> If that's the case I'm wondering how
should I look at the property space in
China. I think people are doubting
whether we're going to see some sort of
sustainable recovery this year. last
week was a bit of disappointment in this
in this urban planning sort of meaning
that nothing really substantial came
through in terms of stimulus. How should
I be looking at that sector now?
>> Yeah, we are seeing that the property
market is getting closer to the bottom
but in terms of the recovery given the
tariff impact is still negative. Uh we
are expecting some delay of recovery
probably to next year. uh the price may
stabilize but in some top tier cities it
begin to pick up. The demand especially
the upgrade demand is picking up uh and
from the July political meeting probably
we will see some reiteration of the
policy support to property areas that
will continue be supportive uh but it
takes time. Yep, it certainly was. Safu,
thank you so much. Our China portfolio
strategist at Goldman Sachs joining us
to kick off the week. And as we talked
about property there, uh you take a look
at how this Bloomberg intelligence
gauges and really what we've been seeing
for the past few weeks or months is, you
know, still a lot of doubt and
skepticism of whether things can bounce
back. If you take it back from about
seven or eight years, we're basically
talking about we're 80% off some of the
peaks that were made back then as well.
And yet, you know, last week we
basically notched the biggest weekly
drop in four months after that meeting
didn't yield too many concrete measures
to really boost demand and revive the
industry overall.
>> Yeah, I mean the the reaceleration of
losses to the downside has certainly
been a a poignant reminder
>> and the lack of I guess that big bang
coming out of the the conference where a
lot of people were expecting something
worthy of a big bang didn't really come
out.
It begs a question whether or not things
have actually changed at all
fundamentally as it pertains to the
story. Let's remove the tail risks I
guess just to acknowledge of course that
has been I guess to a large extent been
removed but
>> you know the underlying fundamentals
like Vanill for example reminding us of
that first half loss is something to
consider as we make our way of course
into the second half of this year to
help us answer those questions. Jeannie,
you our Asia stocks reporter is here
with us to talk us through how investor
sentiment has changed.
>> Yeah. Um actually when we talk to
people, I think most of them um first
the market consensus like there's not
going to be a bazooka. So not like
before the urban conference we had la
last week like before that when we saw
that big jump um you know some people
were betting okay the government may
have you know like a big stimulus that's
similar to what we've seen uh between
2015 and 2018 um but right now it's like
all the policies is going to be very all
the easing is going to be very
incremental and um we're not going to
see like the bazooka we we saw you know
a few years back Um so in in in that
case like um most of the most of the
investors we're seeing like um the
consensus we're getting is like they're
not going to go back to the property
sector anytime soon and um um it's it's
not going to be changed you know by any
like government meeting. So I know we
have the July meeting and we have um all
the upcoming policy meeting um mo like
because to most of them you know it
because the fundamental housing demand
in China has already been met um a few
years back already. So um even though
there were many supportive measures you
know trying to convince the domestic
citizens to buy more houses um still
like um the the end demand is still very
very weak you know considering the
slower economic growth and all and the
consumption demand right now in China.
Um so in that case like um many
investors would think um would think
this not this is not a sector going to
give them um outperforming return. It's
not a sector worth them to bet at this
moment.
>> Yeah. I think it's interesting some of
the analysts that your team has talked
to is like I'm not even going to touch
this sector. I I don't even want to
cover it anymore. But then there are
some that are saying look there are
still pockets of opportunities. What
what are they?
>> Yeah. I think many of the opportunities
are very tactical. So um for example on
the on the one hand for some investors
they're trading um their trading horizon
turns to be really really short. So some
of them even do day trades you know they
just trade on some policy expectations
and then they sell that really quickly.
So it's not a you know it's not you know
like it's not fundamental thing it's
more tactical. And then the second thing
I think that people some people are uh
finding some opportunity opportunity
among those extremely distressed names.
So um if if those names are turning
really really oversell there could be
some short-term trading activity uh
opportunities but still those are really
really tactical
>> and tactical I think that's the point
tactical it has remained for a a very
long time tactical at best uh Jeannie
thank you so much Genie you there uh on
the property story and how sentiment has
changed in I guess in some ways there
right uh going into the next what first
15 minutes of the session we're actually
doing quite well here I haven't had a
look at volumes which which is perhaps
indicative really of the underlying
strength of this rally. But on price,
we're doing better. 25,000
um is very much within striking
distance. And of course, we're looking
also at this metals rally that as you
can see is extending early this Monday
with iron or prices now at multimonth
highs over in Dalia. Plenty more ahead.
This is the China show.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. That's a look at
equity markets about 17 minutes into the
cash market session now. So yes,
year-to-ate highs if you're just joining
us on the CSI 300 and yes, three three
and a half year highs on the Hingen
index. uh this intersection of the major
themes, corporate earnings, thinning
margins, the trade tariff conversation.
You put those everything those things
together and you get a concentric circle
of margins not perhaps being able to
deal with the tariffs in place and you
know our Bloomberg economics folks have
put out this special report looking
exactly at this ability for Chinese
companies to then absorb these tariffs.
When you look at that 40% now on
average, it's a heavy blow potentially
to the country's industry. Uh the
analysis shows that corporate profit
margins suggest only five in 33
industrial sectors can in fact absorb
the current levies. For more on this,
Changu, our chief Asia economist is with
us right now to talk us through this.
Are sufficient pro profits
a buffer for tariffs and are there in
sufficient profits is the other
question.
>> Yeah. Um indeed if you look at the
corporate uh um profit picture it's not
great. If we look at the headline um
industrial wise and the average profit
is below 15% and it's already well below
the 40% tariff you just mentioned and
you also mentioned the five um sectors
potentially with higher profits but
those tend to be domestically orientated
in farmer tobacco mining industries but
if you just focus on the export uh
oriented sectors most of those sectors
have margins below 20. Most of those are
in low teens. And you think of t
textiles
and stationary and furniture, those sort
of heavily exposed uh to export uh
sectors, they tend to have fairly low
margins. Uh another thing that didn't
come out in the report is when we talk
to exporters on the ground the pricing
dynamics is shifting somewhat in the
first trade war most of the US exporters
uh rather US importers should um showed
the the tariff cost but this time we see
more uh burden sharing between the
Chinese exporters and the US importers.
>> Interesting. Um what about when it comes
to supply dominance? Does that offer any
sort of protection to these firms too?
>> Yes, to some extent. Certainly in the
near term I mean those um consumer uh
products for a lot of the sectors and
China has dominance um those sectors I
just mentioned and they account for um
over 40% of the global share. So in the
near term the supply chains can't shift
that quickly. Therefore, China can, you
know, hold on to its um its uh sort of
the the supply to to the world or or
external demands from the US and and the
rest of the world. But if you look into
the longer term, those sectors I just
talked about textiles and furniture etc
stationary the entry barrier is not
especially higher right they tend to be
sort of high volume low value sort of
sectors. So going forward this is going
to be a rather challenging question that
uh the profit picture will be very
consequential both for industries and
for the macroeconomy as a whole.
>> All right Jack thank you Chang Shu there
our Bloomberg economics chief Asia
economist uh feel free to really check
out her research there about these thin
margins and really what the most
vulnerable parts of the whole export
story here on the back of these tariffs.
Some other stories that we're following
for you today. Ukraine says Russia has
launched a massive air attack using
missiles and drones. Air defense
officials say explosions have been heard
across the country, including its
western regions and the capital Kev.
Earlier, President Vimir Zinsky says his
government had proposed a meeting with
Russia this week, more than a month
after previous round of direct talks.
The South Korean government says days of
torrential rain have left at least 17
people dead and 11 missing. The worst
impact has been in the country's south
with heavy downpours causing landslides,
flash floods, and collapsing houses.
More than 2700 people have been
evacuated. President Li Jay Mun is
pledging support for affected areas, now
designated special disaster zones.
Israel has warned it will move the first
time into a town in the heart of the
Gaza Strip that it had earlier skirted
for fear of harming hostages. The
military on Sunday told Palestinians in
Dera Al Balal to evacuate southward.
Hamas, meanwhile, says a total of almost
1,000 Palestinians have now been killed
while waiting for aid, including 67 on
Sunday when Israeli forces fired shells.
Israel says its troops fired warning
shots only. Plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
We're looking at fairly concrete gains
on this cement names.
>> Um
there's a really good story. It's really
well read right now of this massive
project which we'll get to the details
in a moment. But yes, Morgan Stanley
talking about how that specific mega dam
project will benefit many of these sort
of infrastructure related stocks
including of course the cement plays uh
which are up as you can see uh in some
cases four or five% on engineering
companies around this up similarly as
well but very quickly earnings more on
this in a moment but as you can see a
snapshot of good earnings coming through
as well first half earnings but Ivon is
excited about one specific corporate
story today
>> for all the blinks out there. I know
you've been listening to this song Jump.
It's making the top charts there. YG
Entertainment is on the face of that
jumping as well. We're up some 6%. Haha.
A lot of puns this segment. You're
watching the China Show.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSI half hour in the
session. It's more about really what's
going on outside post of courts hyphoon
whip which basically it kept the the
city at a standstill yesterday. The most
of us were at home and you know
everyone's kind of waking up talking
about how was your T10 day. Yeah,
>> really is what we're asking everybody
this morning but you know cleanup is
underway. We talk about flights being
resumed and of course parts of Asia
definitely that feel it particularly
hard as well. So still a lot of ongoing
issues there too.
>> Yeah. Maybe just to help out the uh
public service announcement because I
couldn't go for my usual Sunday runs. I
went for one this morning. So a couple
of trees that actually fell on the usual
harbor front running path. So
>> the scaffolding too. Have you seen some
of those videos out there?
>> Yes. On Yeah. Yeah. Where was that
though?
>> I don't know. in in Kennedy Town, there
was a ship that got I think was slammed
against the the ports u by the yacht
club. There was a tree that actually was
right smack down into the street. So
that actually is something to anyway
that's but inside baseball. But yes,
certainly hopefully that flights have
resumed if not the uh some of the
flights that were canceled almost
completely on Sunday have now resumed if
not the backlog cleared completely. Um
now speaking of the markets, get into
this right now about a minute late. The
Hanging Index is actually doing quite
well. 25,000 5600 on the Hangen tech. Uh
this does though in many ways flip the
page please. Um
don't forget that the Singapore market
has done extremely well is doing
extremely well. Again it's outperforming
again 610 of 1%. In fact I think the
chart that's going to come up on your
screens very shortly. Uh can we get the
chart up of RSI please if we can. um
that's actually now trading at 14-day
RSA is now 90 which is a level that we
have we haven't seen as far as
Singapore's concerned so highest level
in record uh longest win streak in
>> in 19 years
>> but as you say it's not just a Singapore
sort of happy story right you're seeing
that in the cost you're seeing that in
in Hong Kong where we're getting closer
to 25,000 on the HSI and you're seeing
the S&P right continue to hit record
after record so is this just plain
complacency or you know is there really
something that's supporting this. I
think the Nvidia trade and all that
really kind of helped and lifted all
these gauges uh last week as well. Maybe
there's more to that here uh in the
moving forward. But you talk about
commodities, right? That's also looking
pretty hot these days too.
>> Yeah, Dalian yen. So you have zinc in
China. The Dalian iron ore contract is
coming up on your screens. Uh yeah, we
haven't seen an 800 handle on this one
uh specific contract since I think Feb
of this year. So yeah, we have been uh
testing multi-month highs as far as this
one are concerned and it really
underscores I guess
>> is it complacency or you know are things
actually doing better than the headlines
actually suggest.
>> Yeah. Let's get to our top story. So you
mentioned about Japan. The prime
minister Shigaru Ishaba says he will
stay in office despite NHK reporting
that his ruling coalition lost its upper
house majority in Sunday's election.
This marks the first time since 1955 the
Liberal Democratic Party will govern
without control of both chambers. Let's
bring in Japan and Korea's economy and
government editor Yuko Teo. Uh you know
she's with us here right now. Uh Yuko,
you know it's as polls predicted but
this is a bad result for Ishiba. What
happens from here?
>> Yes. So Ishba has missed securing a
majority with um just by three seats. So
the results are a little bit better than
the the poll initially predicted, but
the bottom line is that he's lost
control of our house and that's a
historic result. Uh Ishiba's already
said multiple times last night that
he'll stay on despite the result, which
suggests um he'll have to somehow hobble
together enough support from opposition
parties for now to pass legislation on
an issue by basis. That means he will
likely have to make concessions to
opposition party demands, meaning more
fiscal spending in some form is likely.
But given the historic nature of the
loss, um it seems difficult to see
Ishiba remaining in power for much
longer. Um all three LDP prime ministers
uh who lost an upper house majority have
left within two months and it's hard to
see Shiva breaking from that mold.
>> All right, so let's write out those
scenarios then. And one path takes me to
the opposition and the possibility. Talk
to us about this. Could the opposition
actually or opposition parties plural
take over?
>> Technically, this is possible since they
hold more seats than the ruling
coalition. But it seems like a very
remote possibility given those seats are
split between a dozen or so parties that
are very unlikely to to be able to come
together to form a government. Um it
probably make more sense for them to try
and influence policy through the
leverage they have over the ruling
government um as the LDP struggles
through for now and wait for the next
general election to consolidate uh more
power.
>> Yeah. And you go it it certainly
complicates I'm guessing what these US
and Japan trade talks are going to look
like right if we start to see you know
this leadership in question. What does
this mean? Right? you know the country
still facing the prospect of higher
tariffs amid all this what happens to
trade talks now
>> um so the trade talks and the prospect
of higher tariffs that's something
that's been hanging over the election as
well and basically it remains unresolved
Japan is set to face a crossboard
tariffs of 25% from August 1st spiring a
deal with the US and so far there's been
nothing concrete to show after Japan's
chief negotiator
Akazawa and has already flown to
Washington seven times. He's um set to
uh go back to Washington this week, it
seems. But now the ruling coalition and
have to continue negotiations with the
US from a weaker domestic position uh
with the deadline for higher tariffs
coming up in in just 10 days.
>> All right, Yukio Yuko, thank you so
much. Fuko Teo there, our Japan and
Korea's economy and government uh editor
with the latest and the potential
implications of course of the Japan
story. I should also add cash markets
are shut in Japan today and two other
things on the agenda on Japan this week
which is the JGB auction 40 year that's
on Wednesday and Tokyo CPI comes through
as we wrap up the week in a couple of
days on Friday as well. Right. Some news
coming through right now out of uh the
ch this is to pivot here to China's
Ministry of Commerce and lines coming
through here that China is now looking
well number one is that the EU's Ursula
Vunderland and will be visiting China on
the 24 that's in 3 days time. uh that
China's vowing necessary measures to
safeguard their firm's rights and of
course it's gotten a bit touchy as it
pertains of course to uh this side of
the conversation not to also mentioned
since we're talking about the EU EU and
the US also some headlines there as well
I guess it begs the question right now
right we are getting more progress in
these trade talks yes you have sticking
points like Japan which is a story that
we can get to later on but does this
mean the path for rates will be more
neutral or will central banks need to
even lean further into the rate cutting
cycle despite the progress we're seeing
on these new tariff deals. Let's bring
in Jason Pong here with us on set Asia
fixed income portfolio management at JP
Morgan Asset Management. Good morning.
Nice to see you.
>> Morning. Morning. Nice to be here.
>> Uh can we start with that rate cutting
cycle? We're getting more good news on
trade draw not completely but do you
think one derails the other?
>> So I think overall in terms of the rate
cut story your Japan or the state side
>> no everything else. Asia Pacific, Asia.
Okay. Korea, Malaysia, what have you.
>> Sure. Of course. So, I think broadly
speaking, if you look at the Friday
comments from Waller, the bottom line is
there will be further easing potentially
coming through into the month of July.
Um, I think for Asia then when you take
in the trade deals, people are talking
about that relative, you know,
positivity on some of these tariff deals
being lowered than expected. But when
you look at it on an absolute basis,
there will be economic impact. You may
not see it today, but you're going to
see it within the next quarter or two.
And I think when you look at that, you
add that to overall the sort of China
PPI story that's still coming through
into the region, then I think the rate
cuts that are being priced in right now
can actually come in much lower than
what people expect. So if I use Malaysia
as an example or Indonesia, um I think
the market is probably expecting another
25 bits cut uh over the next 3 months to
one year range, we're actually thinking
it can be much more severe in the range
of 50 to 75 basis points.
>> Okay. Does that how should I look at
local currency bonds then? Now is is it
getting more traction? What are
conversations with clients like now?
>> Sure. So in the companies that we meet
and the clients that we discuss, I think
the topic on the dollar has become much
more broader based. There is a degree of
concern at the management levels on how
to sort of you know navigate this
overall dollar trend. So I think the way
that we can think of it and the way that
we've communicated is near-term there's
no sort of you know big alternative uh
liquid uh currency compared to the
dollar. So near-term then I think what
the message really is you know the
dollar will remain sort of a main stay
in terms of any currency portfolio but
over the longer term and we started
seeing that in some of the allocations
into euro by the central banks and also
these other currencies is you do start
need to reooking at a currency
allocation and that's a weird topic
because no one's really looked at
currency reallocation given the strong
dollar for the past decade but it is
coming back so I think the way that we
would look at it is you start to need to
look at active management currency uh on
a forlooking basis Is that the only
driver behind you know these local rate
story for example? Is there anything
else idiosyncratic within this trade
that might tell you that there's more to
this trade than simply a weak dollar?
>> So if you look at foreign currency
deposits um in the likes of Malaysia and
I think Taiwan dollar you might have saw
the 20 sigma event a few a few months
back. I think basically there is a
realization now that there is a lot of
foreign currency deposits in most of
these Asian markets and hence the
question then becomes you know when do
you need to liquidate that and of course
then you wouldn't liquidate unless your
carry trade on the dollar being higher
yields versus your local rates actually
overrides the capital loss. So I think
what I'm trying to say is if currencies
start appreciating much more materially
from here you're going to see
accelerated liquidation and that
actually can procure a stronger Asian
currency within the region. How should I
be looking at long rates right now? It
seems like whether it's Japan, whether
it's the US,
>> it's really causing a lot of, you know,
as a as a catalyst for how, you know,
credit, how, you know, bonds perform.
It's not really so much about the easing
cycle anymore, per se, or what the
shorter end of the curve is doing. Is
this sort of a new regime you think that
you see?
>> Sure. So, I think um we need to
categorize this into two different ways.
when you look at the steepening and the
fiscal concerns that you're talking
about a lot of this is actually sort of
coming through in the developed markets
whereas that's that's resulting in the
1030 steepening that you see in JGBs and
US Treasury and and all these other
currencies right but when you look at
Asia actually most of these curves have
actually been rather flat and if
anything some of them have been
flattening um I think you know China is
one of the more classic cases but even
if you look at the Azens um currency uh
markets actually most of these curves
have been flattening so I think the
dynamic really is that on one side
western world is more about fiscal, you
know, confronts on inflation, but in the
region, it's actually the other way
around, right? You're thinking about,
oh, how do I navigate deflation, lower
inflation within the region, lower
growth outlook, and all of that is
actually sort of getting reflected into
long-end curves. So, if anything, then
what's actually happening is we're quite
bullish on the local rate stories and
you're able to monetize that macro theme
relative to the rest of the world. And
you know as an fixed income allocator
like yourself, how are you managing your
exposure in your different strategies to
those longdated bonds for example which
you know I know some of your strategies
might have bits and pieces of those of
those securities.
>> Yeah sure. So I think uh just you know
talking about then going back to the
examples that I mentioned under thematic
differences what we're basically running
to some degree is a steepening on
developed markets and then we're running
flattening or overweight duration in the
local markets.
>> I have to get your take on Japan. I know
you don't have you know maybe a a strong
view but I mean how difficult is it now
to really kind of navigate what happens
with dollar yen for example.
>> So I think on dollar yen and even the
JGB in particular the dollar yen side of
it really suggests that you know um the
yen's been weakening at the same time
where the 1030s have been steepening. So
I think you know when I look at the
overall fiscal concerns that is
definitely reflecting into both the
currency and the curve market as well.
Um so in that same regard the results of
the elections do suggest that perhaps
more curve steepening does come through
and it doesn't necessarily benefit in
the same way with regards to the yen. Um
and if anything then if you look at the
overall inflation indicators you know BJ
will remain hawkish to some degree but I
don't think it's enough to offset this
concern on the fiscal. So I think to us
then what we see is you know the 1030s
is recognized uh very steep definitely
and we'll sort of see how the cash
markets react tomorrow. Uh but I I think
at the same time at least to me then it
can end up being a value trap. So we're
not necessarily engaged in this market
>> because we don't see high sharp ratios
and we see a lot more opportunities
within the region to invest in.
>> Right. I guess a final final question on
on JGBs before we talk about I guess the
Fed as well. The is any like okay let's
say for example the JGB market
dislocates even further.
>> Okay.
>> Will that have any global consequence?
In other words, how much should I care
about what's happening in the JGB
market? I I think at this juncture then
um there's too many of these multi-igma
events to account for where I think that
over the summer the market has basically
ran out of bandwidth to reflect that. So
I don't believe uh on the personal level
investment that um a JGB steepening
further or JGB losing control will
result in the massive vault gap downs
that we see.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh one thing we haven't talked about is
obviously the saga between Trump and and
the Fed chair J Pal.
>> Yes. Yes. Yes.
>> How should the market interpret that?
Should we should we start repricing what
a potential new Fed chair would look
like? So I think if you look at what's
been happening with the um you know MIPR
or one year one-year Treasury pricing
it's been basically priced to 100 bips
cut right but you guys extend that to
the two to threeyear which is where this
uncertainty comes from nothing's
actually in the price but when you look
at what the government says or you know
what the presidency says the long story
is I want cuts much lower interest rates
right so if you sort of look at that and
you look at it going like okay well
there's a eight-month timeline to sort
of a you know a chair shift
>> yeah Well, the chair will probably be
more doubbish than the current one,
which means that what you need to think
about now is not only the one-year one
year, but how do I actually monetize the
two-year two-year? So, I think um what
we're thinking now is your 5year
treasuries or 5year credits are probably
the sweet spots where we we think that
more can be in the price as you sort of
move into the option expiry. How is it
one cut at best that gets priced in if
it if if if suddenly there are bigger
questions around his job security like
in other words how much more can the
other guy or the other person then that
follows JP pal actually cut
incrementally more
>> I I think it depends who
>> what's the trade right so
>> yeah yeah so I think it's hard to say
like with certainty on who becomes the
next next uh chair per se nor the
timeline so it's hard to uh speculate on
that what I'm trying to say then is one
year one year is priced for 100 pips.
Yes. Two year two-year is actually
priced for the same. So to me when I'm
looking at that trade, you know, if I'm
thinking a more doish chair can imply
another 50 basis points cuts.
>> Okay, there it is. Okay.
>> Right. Then you buy the 5year
treasuries, you buy the five-year
credits and you sort of, you know, go
along the interest rate sensitive trades
such as Hong Kong dollar rates and all
those other ones.
>> Jason, it's great to have you. Jason
Pang there, Asia fixed income portfolio
manager at JP Morgan Asset Management.
Still ahead on the China show, we take a
deep dive into China's climate strategy
and the push towards decarbonization.
Plus, Swiss Ray explains why extreme
heat is now the deadliest natural threat
in the AP pack as the population ages.
We have much more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, we're focusing a little bit
more on these price wars, food delivery
apps and and the like here. And you're
seeing the likes of mine up some 4%.
Why? Well, what we heard over the
weekend was the Chinese regulator
summoning the likes of Mtoan and JD and
Alibaba's Elma and to basically say it's
time to kind of get your act in order
here and maybe put an end to these price
wars. That's why you're seeing that
massive bounce in some of these stocks
here. Let's bring in our China
correspondent Mman Low on what we heard
and what are some of the steps towards
maybe more rational sort of competition
now in this space.
>> Yeah, we have been getting increasingly
a lot more signals from the Chinese
government, right? You have the state
council, Premier Liang talking about
reigning in competition. You have
presidency saying that it doesn't make
sense for all of these regions to really
pile into the same few industries like
AI, EVs. State media also saying that
some local governments are giving out
illicit subsidies um and wasteful
investments into these sectors. So there
were two big meetings that happened last
week. One was between the government
ministry and the players in the EV
sector and then the other was between
the market regulators and the three big
food delivery firms like Mtoan, Alama,
Alibaba re calling them to rein in that
excessive competition um telling them to
boost their their market share by
investing in product innovation rather
than price cuts. Now there wasn't a lot
of detail in terms of how this is going
to be implemented whether it's going to
come in a form of penalties or or other
ways of enforcing them. Bear in mind
that many of these companies they are
private companies that are willing to
basically get more market share push up
their top line at the expense of the
bottom line. Already we have seen
analysts revising down the growth
forecast or the earnings forecast I
should say for some of these food
delivery riders as a result. So of
course the headline now boosting some of
these uh share prices there. But the big
question is how will the government be
able to boost spending power in the
longer term for people so that these
these companies won't have to resort to
such lengths to gain market share. And
you know this goes into the this
Bloomberg story we're about to talk
about right so the you know the ability
for the domestic market to expand to
then be able to absorb you know a lot of
the capacity you know it's it depends on
what side of the political spectrum you
sit on if you're outside you're saying
oh there's over capacity if you're
inside you're saying oh there's a
domestic weakness and you are getting
domestic weakness evidence from these
price wars but it goes into this
Bloomberg interview that that you know
we did a with a senior Chinese official
that says
When you look at the trade policy and
industrial policy, it's within
reasonable bounds. What can you tell us
about that?
>> Yes. So, this came from Lein who is the
vice finance minister. He is a key
member of the negotiating team that met
with Scott Besson in London and Geneva
and he is saying that yes, China it's
production it looks like over capacity
from outside but he says it's really
unfair to look at one sector and the
Chinese market share there and determine
that there is over capacity. He said
that's an oversimplification. It doesn't
really capture the reality of the
Chinese economy. And he says the
government has been making the
transition for the economy to shift
towards a more consumption-led one. And
he says there are statistics to prove
it. If you look at the consumption share
of GDP, it's risen to 56% in the last
four years. Quite significant increase
compared to below 50s uh in the previous
four years. And he said the government
will continue to expand that by
strengthening the social safety net, the
pension system, increasing the amount of
jobs created, increasing salaries. They
did that for civil servants sometime not
too long ago. Um, so I think the
government is trying to do that to boost
the spending power in the long term. And
he's saying all these ahead of the
expected meeting that he will have with
Scott Besson and Howard Lnik to kick off
the the next round of trade negotiations
between US and China.
>> All right, Mimo, our China correspondent
there with the latest. Some of the
stories that we're following for you
today, the Washington Post is reporting
that a Chinese American employee of the
US Commerce Department has been barred
from leaving China since April. Now,
according to the South China Morning
Post, he traveled there to visit family
and was detained when he arrived in the
city of Changdu. The post site sources
saying the man is being held because his
case is linked to actions Beijing
considers harmful to national security.
President Trump and Xi Jinping are
reportedly expected to meet at or before
the Apex summit beginning at the end of
October in South Korea. Also, the South
China Morning Post citing sources saying
that Trump could make a stop in China on
his way or they could meet on the summit
sidelines. Sources have told Bloomberg
that Trump has been dialing down his
confrontational tone with China in hopes
of securing a summit. China is
tightening controls on critical mineral
exports, pledging zero tolerance for
smuggling and illegal shipments. State
broadcaster CCTV says Beijing's export
control office flagged recent cases
involving false declarations and trans
shipments through third countries. China
is enforcing stricter licensing for all
rare earth shipments amid ongoing trade
tensions with the US. Plenty more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Some stories that we're following for
you today. Private equity firm
Blackstone has pulled out of a bid for a
stake in Tik Tok's US operations. A
source says a firm has offered its
potential share to other investors in a
consortium that includes Oracle Andre
and Horowitz and General Atlantic. An
ownership shift is needed to split Tik
Tok from Chinese parent bite dance ahead
of a midepptember deadline. Israel has
warned it will move the first time into
a town in the heart of the Gaza Strip
that it had earlier skirted for fear of
harming hostages. The military on Sunday
told Palestinians in Dear Al Bal to
evacuate southward. Hamas, meanwhile,
says a total of almost 1,000
Palestinians have now been killed while
waiting for aid, including 67 on Sunday
when Israeli forces fired shells. Israel
says its troops fired warning shots
only. Ukraine says Russia has launched a
massive air attack using missiles and
drones. Air defense officials say
explosions have been heard across the
country, including its western regions
and the capital Keith. Earlier,
President Vladimir Zinsky said his
government had proposed a meeting with
Russia this week. More than a month
after the previous round of talks.
>> Okay, Ivon knows knows more about this
story, but YG Entertainment, what's the
name of the song?
>> Jump.
>> Bye, Chris Cross.
>> No, not you're dating yourself. Black
Pink.
>> That's the better crisscross though.
That's the better jump. Anyway, there we
go. Stock is jumping. Uh AMY life
insurance also doing quite well today.
Speaking of life insurance, Swiss joins
us later on in the show. Plenty more
ahead here on the China show.
[Music]
This is sort of the second punch that
has taken. I think it's very hard. He
was already on shaky ground. He's even
on more shaky ground to remain as prime
minister. He's vowed to do so. We'll see
what he says at his press conference
today. But, you know, Tadaso, very
influential member, former prime
minister, has already said that he wants
to push him out. So, I think there's
going to be the knives are coming out
and we'll just have to see if he can
hang on. It's not going to be easy.
>> What the Japanese economy really needs
is support for both the demand side and
the supply side. The Japanese economy is
now in a place where it gets it gets
more difficult to grow through exports
because of the deteriorating trade
environment, tariffs in the US, tariff
threats from the US. So, Japan will need
to find a way to to generate more
homegrown demand, if you will, to grow
going forward. And that requires both
demand support and supply support. And
that is not something we've seen from
either the opposition or the uh the
government.
Some of our guests this morning on
Bloomberg and Japanese markets are
closed for a holiday for Marine Day of
course after this upper house election
which did deal a pretty historic setback
for Ishaba and the LDB party. But if you
take the market reaction is so far I
mean with Japanese market shut though
there are some proxies we mentioned but
overall it's been pretty much a
snoozefest. If you take a look at how
the market reaction has been, bond
futures, nicke futures are pretty timid
here right now. Dollar yen, we we
briefly saw that strength. We kind of
reversed a bit, but we're still seeing a
little bit of strength, but not a whole
lot. But yes, there's still a lot of
questions about what this means, right?
You know, of course, Ishiba's fate, but
also we also had that 40-year bond
auction later on this week as well,
Dave. Yeah, following the latest one
that came through and this is going to
be big news because I think the the key
narrative here is there's really no
visible replacement for the BOJ to backs
stop demand. Yes, we can talk about
fiscal consolidation. Yes, we can talk
about fiscal health. Yes, we can talk
about uh the inflation picture which is
by the way adverse to being long JGBs
but all things equal, right? Is there a
global consequence to meltup in JB
yields? 40-year auction coming through
and the demand as well coming through.
We'll get a better indication of that of
course midweek and of course inflation
comes out as well out of Tokyo later
this week. Right. The rest of the region
though is there's it's a quiet necross
these markets with the exception of a
few sort of regionally focused themes
like Singapore is one in Hong Kong
within greater China it's turnover is
picking up. You have on price CSI 300's
doing well. Hang singing index 25,000
the platform companies are doing well on
this uh on being summoned and maybe
maybe a glimpse of a stronger emphasis
to end the price wars there. Uh we can
set that aside. The other big China
story we're tracking here is uh this EU
conversation EU China on climate. You
have Chinese President Xi Jinping
scheduled to meet senior EU leaders in
Beijing. That's on Thursday. Range of
topics, geopolitics, trade, economic
hanging over the summer. One subject of
where they might actually find common
ground is climate. Now, Beijing has said
it does seek deeper climate cooperation
with the EU and will seek promoting
lowcarbon development. Joining us now
from Beijing is the chief China
representative at Green Peace East Asia,
Yunying, to talk us through the
implications and her expectations ahead
of this meeting this week. Ying, good
morning and thank you for joining us.
Why don't we start with a with a meeting
taking place that seems to be
uh where the lowhanging fruit is between
the two sides. What are your
expectations ahead of the meeting?
Um
there there are definitely uh high
expectation on this uh summit uh because
of the global um climate movement is uh
encountering a lot of challenges and the
barriers right uh after Trump's uh
decision to withdraw from Paris
agreement uh we have seen the
multilateral
uh climate process is uh is challenged
So in this critical moment uh we see uh
China and EU are the major players uh to
play active leadership to drive this
multilateral process ahead. So uh but we
have the also noticed that there are uh
blocks uh between the two sides uh
surrounding the trade surrounding the
you know the the Cam issues but we we
also have seen a lot of the mutual
interests uh and common ground between
the two sides. So uh the two parties can
collaborate more on the global green
energy uh development and also on the
global clean tech solution providings.
So we see more common grounds and more
interests uh than the blocks. So we are
looking forward uh the two parts can
have a a constructive uh communications
and play more active leadership around
the global multilateral process,
>> right? And how does it fit into the
bigger picture here with President Xi uh
with their climate goals, right? Peak
carbon dioxide emissions in China by
2030.
What sort of confidence does Greenpeace
have that China has at least maybe
approached or even getting very close or
even broken above that sort of milestone
already?
>> Yeah, we have seen the president has
announced the two carbon targets in
2020, right? And uh in this April uh we
have say the presidency has uh announced
again in the n in the United National uh
assembly again uh uh emphasizing China
is uh producing a very comprehensive
climate uh reduction plan including the
whole economy uh sectors and also
covering all the greenhouse gas
emission. So uh we are hoping uh this uh
strong political willingness is grounded
uh and also we trust uh China has this
capability to move things forward. For
instance in 2025 in the first quarter we
have seen the the milestone renewable
energy uh installation capacity uh
happening the great system. So now we
have for the first time the new
generated electricity from the renewable
energy uh has met the new increased uh
electricity demand. So that signals a
milestone timing for China to pick the
power sector quite soon by 2025.
So there's no room for the new added
coal power plants and uh we are on the
right track to get the emission pick
and you know it is the time of the year
I'm going to bring in the recent
temperatures which you know have been on
the higher side of things. If you could
tie into you know the need to discuss
solutions in light of this heat wave uh
that's been taking place uh Yuny.
Yes indeed. Uh in the past uh months
actually we have seen uh record high
temperature happening around the around
the country. So in the past months uh we
have seen the official data from the
China meteorological
uh administration. The past months has
one temperature degree higher than the
average and uh this heat wave is
widespread and has a long duration
across the country. So it affects uh
provinces like Shani
uh Han and H uh provinces and we have
see the reporting of high temperature
going above 40 degree that's something
really uh huge and uh in the July and
foreseeable in the coming August we can
see the heat waves are getting worse and
worse. So uh um in the in the July we
have seen more than 11 cities um have
reported uh this temperature going
higher than 35 Celsius degree covering
actually 900 uh million people
>> right
>> uh across the countries. So um yeah it's
a it's a bring the higher risk of heat
strokes and also affecting people's
health in a larger way.
So you what's your assessment of of
China's work in in climate proofing then
and being more prepared in case these
sort of natural disasters and and then
heat waves happen again.
>> Uh definitely uh I I think we we need to
do on on two directions. Uh first
direction is very important. We need to
continue the mitigation uh actions to
deal with the uh emission uh
concentrations.
So we need to decarbonize the power
sectors uh to reduce the the emissions
from the the power sector from the coal
power plants. That is the uppermost uh
things we need to address. And meanwhile
uh when we are achieving the power
sector emission pick quite soon we need
to see the structure decline of the
national emission right. So uh that is
uh uh referring to u multiple uh
measures on addressing the emissions
from the for instance he have industries
from other sectors. Uh the meanwhile we
need to uh enhance our capability in
dealing with this kind of uh
nationalwide uh climate crisis. We need
to enhance our uh adaptation uh
capabilities especially on the local uh
communities and on the local uh grounds
>> right and just to look at the other side
of it too. I mean certainly more work
needs to be done in China and many
places in the world. But just also to
ask you where do you think China has
made progress on substantially the best
practices that you know the the rest of
the world can take because here in the
show we talk about how you know EVs for
example are world leading there's a big
story on the weekend hydro power this
mega dam project that China is embarking
on and I wonder within the the longer
term story of trying to balance its
energy mix what substantial progress do
you see still happening on the positive
Um so on the on the
on the mitigation part um I think China
has bring the the the milestone growth
on the renewable energy growth. So like
what I said uh right now uh until 2025
we have think the wind and solar
capacity generated is amounting to more
than 1,400
gawatt right so that is already
surpassing the coal power plants uh coal
power plants capacities so um we have a
a rationale behind it if uh um the newly
increased uh electricity demand is going
to be met by the renewable energy
instead of a small power capacity that
signals the the emission pick of the
power sector and not to mention we are
talking about the electric vehicles uh
robust growth right both in China and
also China's exporting to other markets
including the global south markets so
including wind and solar and electric
vehicles and even batteries I mean China
is bring the clean tech solution uh
clean tech solutions not only uh in
China but also to the uh global markets
especially those global south markets
also helping to speed up the
decarbonization process in that regions
as well
>> and it brings a lot of questions about
leadership right you know what does
green peace see you know do you think
China can take a greater greater global
sort of climate leadership role now that
the US has taken a bit of step back and
and how do we see that you know in terms
of evidence and how this actually
translates into action
Yeah, there's definitely uh expectation
on on China including EU and also other
emerging countries to play a active
leadership. Right. So when we we talk
about the case of China, we see China
has a capability and also the competence
in terms of its robust clean energy
growth and also other clean tech growth.
So we definitely have the confidence
that China can play the more active
leadership on this global multilateral
processes. But meanwhile we wanted to
see China and the EU and also other uh
other players including Brazil the
presidency of the COP 30 and other
global south uh uh countries uh they can
go hands in hands uh to play the active
leadership to fill in the void left by
the US.
>> Ying it's great to have you. Thank you
so much for joining us, a China chief
representative at Greenpeace East Asia.
We got plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, these are the pockets of
strength we're seeing across these
equity markets. There's not a lot. Well,
for one, Japan is shut, so take that out
of the equation today. A lot of
interesting themes have emerged
recently. when I say recently last two
weeks or so. So the hang has broken out
of its range that's past tense. Let's
see if it manages to stay above that
closing price on Thursday and Friday. As
of Friday, three and a half year high on
the hanging index is 300 high since
November 2024. Singapore's been redot
and South Korea has just been upgraded I
believe to equal weight out of Morgan
Stanley. So it's not just a Singapore
story as Ivon is pointing out, right?
are really pockets of strength across
many parts of the equity market. Global
stocks are coming into this week already
at a record high.
>> There's a really good story in the in
the terminal talking about, you know, it
seems like equity markets are just kind
of brushing off some of these tariff
risks, the like, but there's some key
sort of voices that are saying maybe we
are underpricing some of the tariff
risks and what's happening the second
half as well because we already assume
now that those tariff effective tariff
levels are going to be higher, right?
Chang Shu from Bloomer Economics is
already talking about you know 40% that
number
>> uh could already be quite disruptive
when it comes to margins and the like
here for for many many sectors.
>> I think it's three out of 22 I believe
three or 22 sectors that they have
surveyed
>> that are only able to deal with the
tariffs and you know the the the issue
though is most of the sectors that can
that have the margin to deal with the
tariffs um are inward looking. So in
other words you will get an expert hit.
The other issue there though is I mean
to what extent really are the you know
when you're an investor you're large
caps right your BYDs of the world to
what extent is that actually exposed to
what's going on in the US because that's
really not a big market for many of
these exporters coming through and you
know whether that's China whether that's
this interview we did uh with the vice
finance minister who talked about who
defended China's economic policies and
the over capacity issue and he's pushing
back against that and say it's within in
reasonable grounds there is a domestic
market that while weak can grow into
absorbing that excess capacity is not
the big of an issue but yeah I mean it's
when you get into the real politics
everything doesn't seem to be objective
but yeah that's that's a that opens up a
lot of complicated doors
>> all right uh we were just talking to
Greenpeace about overall climate change
and really the the the challenges in
really slowing the speed of climate
change as well extreme weather is also
changing that landscape for insurers as
well with Swiss Re saying that extreme
heat is now the deadliest natural peril.
Now joining us exclusively now is the
CEO life and health of reinsurance Paul
Murray. He's in China to of course meet
with clients here. And Paul, it's great
to talk to you. Um tell us a little more
about your your trip to to China in
particular here and what's really on the
agenda and overall the how does it fit
into your expansion plans here in Asia.
>> Yeah, good morning and uh good morning
from Beijing. It's great to be here.
I'll be spending a week here with our
clients also meeting the regulators and
our team here. Our business is very
longstanding here in China. We've been
here now for 95 years actually trading
so getting close to 100 years. It's a
very important part of our business. Uh
compared to other markets, it's the
third biggest market actually globally
for us. So very significant, very
important and we're very committed long
term.
>> Okay. Well, 95 years is a long time for
any business really to let alone exist,
let alone be in a specific market which
of course you guys are in uh there right
now. Can you talk to us about specific
opportunities you're looking to leverage
this year and next couple?
>> Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. So, you know,
our role really in the world in
particular in the insurance world is to
absorb significant shocks. um and we do
that by spreading risk around the world.
So it's it's ideal for us to have a
presence in as many countries as
possible and also in as many risks as
possible. So really, you know, if you
think about wherever there's new
emerging risk in the world and and
specifically in China, we want to
position ourselves to participate in
that risk um and to be able to do it in
such a way that makes it accessible and
available to as many people as possible.
it's our in our interest that more
people become insured. Uh so over the
time we've been here, we've uh we've
done a range of different risk coverages
uh for individuals, for companies, and
increasingly for governments and
government departments where there's you
know natural catastrophe exposure at
much larger scale. So we try to make
sure we're available to help in all
these situations.
I believe there was a media round table
that you guys did last year where where
senior executives mentioned that China,
India, these were going to be key
markets for you guys to make up the bulk
of contribution when it comes to life
and and health insurance premiums. Is
that still the case and why?
>> Yeah, absolutely. So for life and
health, it's the fifth largest market,
you know, and we have some very very
developed markets around the world.
uh China's life insurance market really
has only started taking off in the last
20 to 30 years. So you know for some of
the markets which are 150 200 years old
that's remarkable progress to already be
at that level and we anticipate that to
continue with with very strong growth
here uh over time. Uh one of the major
factors and I think this is going to be
the biggest life and health risk going
forward is the one of aging. So if you
look at the China population today, 20%
of the population are already over 60.
Now that's a huge part of the
population, much more than it was in the
past. In the next 20 to 30 years, that
will double to 40%. And it's not hard to
imagine. You don't have to be an
insurance specialist to understand the
impact that will have on society. Now
from an insurance point of view of
course we then have a role to try and
prepare people to think about the risks
associated with longer life aging the
health related risks and how families
can think about how they're going to
support different generations uh
potentially you know as we get older
we'll have two generations of of parents
and grandparents living with us and that
becomes the norm and have to support
them. So how can we make sure that
people prepare for that properly? uh
that's where we play a central role
>> right and you know as on on the the
other side to to that same coin Paul is
how does that affect you know duration
matching on the part of investments for
example if durations on that side are
are extending I wonder if that's having
any material impact on how you look at
say being able to match that properly
>> yeah that's a really good point actually
and uh this is this is one of the
peculiar things about long-term business
where you know we take risk that can be
uh for decades uh maybe up to 100 years
actually long. So we're taking these
very unique bets on the future. Um so we
build up these long-term liabilities.
Now in order to manage our balance
sheets to make them stable over time,
the perfect situation is to have assets
that match these liabilities with the
same duration. And that means that when
interest rates move, both of them go up
and down at the same time. Um now uh you
need to have the access to these long
duration assets in order to do that and
in China for example the average
duration on the asset side is about 6
years um the average duration at this
point in the on the liability side is 12
years so that so actually you can't
perfectly match this is a problem uh
it's a problem for insurance companies
as well particularly when interest rates
are falling because that's then pushing
the liability up more than the asset uh
because it's shorter. So this is a real
problem and I I think what one of the
things is you know we can help with
mechanisms that help hedge that risk. Uh
so we help insurance companies with
that. Uh but we also encourage uh the
government and regulators to think about
you know how can we have assets that
will be longer over time. How can we
have government debt that's longer
duration or or private debt. Um and this
will become a bigger problem of course
due to my previous point. you know, as
people start to live longer, we need
we'll have longer liabilities and then
we'll need longer assets. So, so we
can't really wait in order to address
this.
>> And overall, I mean, there's so much
debate about whether it is now time to
look, oh, and shift away from US assets
or even just questions about the dollar.
I mean, how does Swiss look at, you
know, this market in particular,
particularly when it comes to US
treasuries and US stocks?
>> Yeah. Look, we we aim as much as
possible to match the underlying
insurance risk with the local currency.
Um, and that's again, it's one of these
principles of matching that you aim to
do that. So, we have an active
investment policy in China. We have a
team here um as in most countries around
the world that are uh working towards
doing that. uh we're fairly neutral
about uh you know currency risk overall
but you know making sure that we match
uh that and do it very well is important
to our success. It reduces the
volatility of our numbers.
>> Uh Paul just a a final let's try to end
on a I guess a positive note and I want
to get your comment on I'm not sure if
you've seen the Morgan Stanley note
about a month back. The golden era for
reinsurers is over. The cycle is clearly
started to turn. positive pricing,
topline growth is pointing down. Just a
quick comment on that, Paul, if you
could.
>> Yeah, sure. So, in our business, there's
uh two sides that really is the life and
health side, which I'm the CEO of, and
the PNC side and and life and health
doesn't have that cycle. So, actually,
our role for uh the group and for uh the
market generally, is to bring stability.
Uh so, so we our our outlook is actually
quite positive. as long as there's
economic growth
>> uh then our business uh has a positive
outlook. Um now I would say uh growth in
China has slowed down a little bit this
year right it's still positive it's very
good
>> but I think due to range of pressures on
consumers it's slowed down a bit but we
do expect it to bounce back
>> Paul thank you so much for the time CEO
life and health there at Swiss thank you
for joining us we'll see you all